I'm excited to be talking about this. I'm going to try to go fast, but there's a lot of that we can go into offline if this resonates with y'all. I don't know if this is going to be what anybody's expecting, but through almost every presentation and conversation, I've found tie-ins and opportunities for clarity, hopefully, in what I'm about to talk about. The problem I'm focused on is making this real for real. Like, we're delivering an agentic experience in like 2 months. So a lot of the things that we are able to gloss over, but the question would be say, oh yeah, an agent it's like a person, like, OK, what kind of person? And you can do stuff and not do stuff, OK, what stuff? Asian is proactive, how proactive, what does that mean? Um, and the title of the talk here is Behaviors and new, our new Design. So my focus is actually designing the agent. So let's talk about agentic experiences again, right? Buzzword or not, I think we all can agree, probably not.ing experiences a generator that can do stuff like that's, that's what an agent is, right, is a lot different than the other stuff we've done. And it's our explicit mission as we heard yesterday. But I'm gonna focus on the agent of agentic. There's like someone on the other end of these experiences, in addition to maybe other people. And I wanna do a little origin story here, right? So, long, long ago, the Latin term agents means doing or acting. So this is the foundational idea that sort of went in, like it made its way into software use and what do you guys I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. This isn't aside. This timeline makes sense as a timeline. The last time we saw a display like this, it wasn't a proper timeline and so I'm trying to get your worries. I thought there was some cool. Alright, so but then in the 80s and 90s in AI and computer science, it started to be defined as software program that acts on behalf of the user or system with some level of autonom. Apple's Knowledge Navigator, I don't know if any of y'all remember that they had this demo of like surfaces and it could like recognize you when you came in the room. And Microsoft agent, also known as Clippy, and then so by the mid 90s, researchers started formalizing a decisions. There's a bunch of research done, and this one definition I really like an agent is a computer system that's situated in some environment and is capable of autonomous action in this environment in order to meet its design objectives. It's getting, it's, I think it gets a lot better, but I like to add the environment, the context, and some objectives. But then, you know, by the 2000s, the buzz starts to fade, and I think this is sort of hype cycle reflection, um, but software shifted its focus to APIs, services and apps which were which were hot, right? Uh, and agents were still around, but they became like background processes like update agents, scheduling agents, messaging agents. There's still a term, but the real concept still lived on in chatbot's recommendation engines, right, what Netflix was so hot about early on, like, yeah, I can observe what movies you like and what and keep scores. And of course, you know, virtual agents and systems like Siri and Alexa. But by now, mid 2020s or today, the word agents resurging, and it's particularly around these LLM-based systems that use reason and memory, and they take initiative and they chain actions using tools to act on user goals. So the generative AI and LLMs, they're bringing back that original promise of these autonomous goal-driven assistive software entities. And now I don't like that definition. So my definition is it's a software-based entity that can perceive, reason, and act on our behalf to help achieve specific goals. Perceive is the context. Reason is the actual, you know, thinking, and acting is the new thing from what, a few months ago when LLMs can really just generate content and then maybe images, videos, and now they can actually use APIs and do stuff. So it's different though, right? These agents are not smart features, they behave. That's like the big thing. So when you're designing interactions with an agent that behaves, you need to consider it, was it do? How does it act when it takes initiative, how much and where does it need guardrails? What can it not do? And this is where this idea started to thinking through like what are the design primitives that we've had for most of our careers, right, layout, typography, color, buttons, inputs, microinteractions, content. was changing and now we have behavior as a design material. We're creating this active entity that behaves in a certain way that we control and if we're deliberate about it and conscientious about it, that obviously defines the interactions we're going to have our sets up the possibility for interactions to play out in a way that is intentional. So you all saw this yesterday, right, at AWS Solutions, right, we have these pillars that agentic experiences or even just experiences because all of us are going to be agentic are proactive, adaptive, and trustworthy, right? They're proactive in that they anticipate needs and take initiative with autonomy, how much we'll talk about. They're adaptive in that they adjust to goals, context and changing situations. And they're trustworthy, dependent, transparent, and aligned. That aligned is an interesting term if any of you are nerds and read about like general AIs, well, particularly AI nerds, right, the alignment problem is the big problem that people Concerned about in terms of like oh AI is dangerous and it could destroy the world. That's a misaligned or unaligned AI. If general AI is aligned, meaning it looks out for us and its interests are aligned with our interests, then you could just think about the cool positive things. So our AI agents will be aligned, aligned with our goals, what's good for us, so that's what alignment is kind of a technical term, but that's what that's how I meant aligned, yeah, yeah, and as human beings in the deserve to exist if you want to go like I say. So this is this is the meat of my excitement. Um, I can go very deep here or we can go very surface level, go surface level for the sake of time. But in the context of primitives and particularly behavioral primitives, this is a set that I came up with that represent a lot of the questions that we've been asking when you have to get to the nitty gritty details, right? So you've identified, and I did this in Hotchkin, and I'll talk about it now and skip a slide later, but when designing our first agent and our first agenttic experience in Hotchkin, We went to align with the team. OK, what is the purpose and value proposition? What does this agent do? It recommends hotspots on a pro team. It configures an experiment for you. That's its purpose. Its value proposition is it can help you do something that is difficult or you're unable to do without its assistance. Now this is one that I really like to. What's the archetype of this role? So if this is like a being that behaves or an entity that behaves, how does it behave? Is it a coach? Is it a peer? Is it a servant? Is it a teacher? Is it a, you know, guardian? So I have a set of, uh, of archetypes of definitions that, you know, if you define this or at least decide this as a team, it drives a lot of the way you develop your experience as a designer, as a scientist, an engineer. Um, and initiative, again, that's we all want to be proactive, but I, I try to come up with a sort of clear and not too deep scale of initiative, which starts with reactive, it only does stuff when you tell it to. To, um, suggestive, right? So it'll suggest, hey, uh, do you want to, you know, create this appointment to predict it, so once it knows stuff about you, it knows more and more about the environment or has learned over time, it can predict what you want to do or what you might, might want to do next and interject, hey, I created a new appointment for you. Do you want to accept it? And the top of the scale is just proactive. It's, I've done something for you, you know, do you want to do it or you're OK with it? You can find the specifics about that. But like that's the scale that feels like a good starting place for us to at least be aligned between I'm designing an experience with an agent in mocks, Science is prototyping how that agent behaves and, you know, what it can do, and what APIs it uses and how we're on the same page as far as, you know, what's it going to do and how much action is going to take on itself. And then what can it do? Like what are its capabilities, um, you know, is it schedules in our case, it can set parameters and experiment, it can make recommendations that need to be verified. Uh, so just In natural language, deciding what does this thing do is what that capability section is for. And the interaction context is like where does this stuff happen, right? We talked about it being aware of its context. Well, what is its context? Who does it work with, you know, is it, is it in a space? Is it in an application? Is it a dashboard? Is it a particular flow? So where and with whom does this agent interact? And we say it learns over time, right? Well, what does it remember? What data you're talking about, Jason? What data does it have access to or not have access to, and how do we manipulate and control that Incognito mode is an example of, OK, I want to suspend its ability to remember this because it's private or for whatever reason. So defining like short term memory, long term memory, the organizational memory of the agent. is another important thing for the engineering team to think about early and for us to think about early in terms of setting expectations for what this thing is going to learn about. Is it going to feel like the first time I've ever used it every time, it should be annoying, or is it going to, you know, anticipate stuff that will surprise you like, you know that? Like when we've talked about like all of a sudden I'm seeing ads for like something I mentioned privately, like that's setting potentially. And then in conjunction with the capabilities, what tools does it use? Like, and this starts to get a little technical, but I tried to keep this um and I'll talk about this a bit later too, but the first pass of this is sort of a one-pager. So what tools does it use? like it has the ability to access certain APIs or certain data. So this is a light or a light touch or surface level example of the types of tools it can use, especially given a set of tools that exist for a product or feature. We talk a lot about trust, and these next few are related to trust, explainability and transparency. Everybody talks about that, right? But when we go to build the thing, like we need to be very specific. So science is building this algorithm to make recommendations about, you know, science stuff and what does the user need to see to be able to interrogate or trust that recommendation? And are they building the ability for it to be presented to them? And what's too much and what's too little and what's accessible and what's easy and what's what's required or desired. So explaining how this this agent behaves in terms of confidence. I'm not so sure about this. I feel really good about this, and here's why is what you cover in explainability and transparency. And then equally important is what can it not do or what sort of constraints do we put on it? You know, you can never run an experiment without approval first, or you can't change a setting that a user has put in. It's simple stuff, but it could get a little bit more complex and it's an important thing to consider and be able to communicate to your customers to build that trust. And risks and open questions. I think in terms of trust this is something for us to make sure we dedicate some time like. In my example, there's a risk at us recommending things like science that's new. We don't have necessarily have a basis to recommend a spot on a protein that's new, you know, like a newly generated protein? Well, I'm not sure like what to recommend on there, or edge cases when, you know, we may have access to, we may not have access to a body of knowledge that's relevant within an organization. So how do you handle that? Um, and finally, to be able to measure the, the effectiveness of this, we need to identify success metrics that relate to this agent and its its scope, its activities, behavior. So those are the primitives that we use and all of these think of them as like design materials, right? Uh, all of these are things that we intentionally decide about how we design this agent. You know it's interesting is that 2 years ago, we did our first conversation about uh in generative AI that we had in our offsite, and we were discussing all of these different outcomes that can go negatively. And what I was seeing is that each one of the things that I brought up as examples of how to, what we need to avoid, this is the control mechanisms for how we avoid it. I love it. So and these are those things that that that you, is this based on any references that you've been leveraging? Yeah, a lot errors around the audio. So and I want to give this talk again and evolve it. I want all of your feedback, right? So if you think about the intersection of those pillars right that the proactive adaptive and trustworthy. And these primitives, the intersection of those is designing and it's agent design. It's our new, our new task. It's the, it's the shoes, right? I don't know how that analogy works, but the new craft thing that we are going to do, not the old thing that we're not going to do anything. And I, I touched on this a bit as I was going through them, but the way these all fit together is like the the context under which all this stuff happens is this purpose and value proposition. But then under each of the pillars, the permits aligned. Right, so in terms of productivity, well, productivity is defined by your capabilities, the type of archetype you are, and using them, and how much initiative you take, right? How adaptive you are is related to, well, what is your context and who are you working with? What do you know and what do you have at your disposal to use? That's how you're adaptive and what you can adapt to and with. And how trustworthy you are is how can you explain and be transparent, how can you communicate what you're not able to do, and understanding those risks in education education allows us to address, you know, potential areas to break trust. And underneath all of that are the success metrics that measure all. So you can think of this as my TM agentic experience burger with the I was like I almost had the graphics at first, but I wanted to have reveal. So how did this happen with Hodgkins? So this sort of emerged, right? And this is the What I like, what I feel the best about this is it actually helped me, and I'm trying to like Uh, build this by doing, right? So it all started with PRD. We had our first agentic PRD Product Requirement. I hate that the D part it's requirement, and it was really a cross functional exercise, especially in coming up with the end to end experience, the narrative between product and science and myself, and not all of engineering, but RPE is deeply involved in this. And then immediately after we got to a certain point, it's not even like approved or official now, but once we were all aligned, scientists immediately began building their their prototype. Well, they don't like to call it prototype. They immediately began building because they had like real science to figure out. And I immediately began mocking up just the basics of the flow. I had to have all the mocks. But then at a certain point, science did a demo. It's a really cool demo. I don't know who saw it from the Hodgkin team, but they demoed their first sort of shareable version of the agent doing its recommendation, and they exposed a lot of the reasoning. There's all the whole thing was command line. And then I started reaching out to them and thinking about, oh, I've noticed that you shared some of the processing and the confidence scores and Um, I needed a tool to, you know, to to come up with this foundation that we could talk about like, oh, I need to talk about transparency and trust, and I had this like a subset of my document that's like, here's all the things this agent needs to be able to explain. Can you do that? And we went back and forth a few times, sort of iterating on Um, can I show the sources, papers that you use? Can you show a confidence score? Are there experiments that you leveraged when you did your comparisons, and there's some yes, some were no, they added some, and I, I evolved the wireframes to the point where we were both aligned. They actually built a mock up the front end based on the wireframes, but then ultimately this converged with I pulled in Jamie and the work that he'd been doing with the chase and the guy team or even prior to that with us. To come up with a hi fi version and then that version was shared sort of in the same meeting that the science team was doing their demo for Colleen, where we were talking about it. They were doing the command line demo and like backchanneled Hector because he had always told us, like, show me the real thing before you show me what you built today. So I just like during the meeting, put it on mute and recorded like a one minute video of the mocks and a clicked through and sent it to him and then he sent it to Colleen and Mashe and everybody liked it so far. Um, but And this is quick. I was going to do this quick narrative of like the PR and then I did a bunch of wireframes and science did its thing and then actually there was this interesting step where I worked with with Rava the PE. To just create a sort of almost a service design or a front of house, back of house flow of what was going on. And through this exercise we identified the color codes, particularly on the bottom are different agents. So it wasn't just one agent doing stuff. There's a coordinator of, you know, the agents. There's some that make recommendations about modules. There's not a recipe. So we uncovered that there were actually multiple agents participating in this flow end to end. Uh, and then it's like, OK, let's just share the profile of the agent with the science team and start to zero in on the explainability and trust. And then these were the wireframe, the wireframe version of, OK, well, how can I like pick this? Like, can you share all this data that I have on the screen? Some of it came directly from their, you know, command line demonstration that I, you know, copied and pasted in here, and then some of it was just inferred by me and some of our requirements. And then they went back again and revised their, you know, their code and we're able to do that and that's where we ended up on this version of the design which we have some recommendations rendered in the middle and on the right user can interrogate the an explanation and then the sources. Um, what was exciting about this to me wasn't the UI as much as that is exciting, but that like that data was real, and I had this chain of thought that really spoke to building trust and how it was feasible and like we can actually do this by the deadline that we have and it's not just surface level glossed over like get it out the door, but it's considered. So what I want to do moving forward, hopefully starting tomorrow with the CARICO team is start with once. Well, whenever, whenever it happens, the next opportunity, right? Once we've got a product vision that potentially includes an agent, start off with that behavioral profile, one pager, I'll get to that in a second, and then we, we can all go and do our explorations with that in mind, with that same foundation in mind. And then Hodgkin's, you know, sequences after that is we present that. So once we've gotten a direction that we feel good about, we present that high-level design to the team. And once we go through however many cycles of iteration and improvement on that, then we do the detailed design it approved then we're doing like the real work, like every state, every screen, every flow so that it can go to engineering and be built. Um, and that's the vision I have moving forward for how this, at least this is, I know this is a narrow slice of everything, uh, but I think it's a relevant and important one, and I built some tools to help. So I have a quick template that captures all those fields of the behavioral profile along with explanations and samples and an appendix that lists all the role art types and explanations for the initiative scale. I built a party rock agent that can take a PRD or similar content. You just plop it in there and it spits out a first draft of the profile according to that template. Um, and in anticipation of tomorrow, which we have to connect on in a moment, I built a workshop activity to give in a job to be done or a task or any feature, a workshop activity to go through a sort of first pass at the group populating this profile with their own thoughts in a group setting. So that was pretty quick. I gotta give you a thug. I'm just so proud of you. Questions, thoughts, yeah, yeah, uh. Like Uh, not for a better word pivoting on like. The concept is show that it's more than that, but as the people that I know, as we start to get to the engineering aspect of it, there's always like, you know, the time frame and you know, we always write to that. So have you thought of like you know you have your test now, but if engineering comes back of like see they can't do certain things like how do you say well, I mean. When they are trying to do, and I don't believe in it, but when they're like we need that's cool, and I feel like that's not directly related to the value of the profile, but what I did with science, so let me pull up another couple of docs to answer a question, um. I think it's analogous scientists. For design consists, OK, yeah, yeah, gets like yeah, let me ask, let me answer your question. I can answer it, um, so this is an example of the. Well, there's a one page version that I talked about, so this is like pretty quick for our agent, just one sentence version of like this one's a translator that converts biological intent to parameters. It's a coach that helps users use and learn how to use our system, you know, it's got like short versions of every one of the uh of the examples, but the full page, the full version. Um, has, and I'll talk about this in the context of uh transparency and explainability. So these are all the more detailed things that I want this agent or that we think this agent would ultimately be able to explain and do. And then I took that and I converted it to uh Sorry. You make it for Yeah, so I took that section out. I created this stock with science, and we had a discussion and I made these like check boxes, which of these can we do? And that at least allowed me to say, OK, if this is all I can build with, then that's what I'll for now. I have my future state design. I have the ideal based on all these parameters, but now at least I've got a tool. I've got a tool based on this framework that we can it's a shared conversation, oh, you know what, actually we can't do that, and they even added some stuff. So I would use this as a way for us to expand or contract scale, and then I'd react from that. It's meant to be, uh, you know, I've said this a bunch of times about this, like when we say, are we on the same page, this is the page. So like, OK, are we on the same page? Yeah, do we need to scale up or down what we're going to actually build? This is, we can use it for that, and then it's just regular, like it's just, OK, I have some designs, my scope has changed. I got to revise, so be it. But I can also use it to say, you know what, Um, we've agreed that this tool must do this or has to fill this sort of archetype. So if that's truly a priority and we agree on that, then we need to rediscuss what's feasible or not, you know, so you can use it both ways. You can say, look, if this is our source of truth, and we know it must do this at a level higher than. Individual functions, then we can use it in that way and say look, all of us product engineering, science, design have all agreed this thing needs to be proactive in such and such a way. If you're telling us it can't, that's a bigger conversation than can we get it out the door? Yeah, and that was my, I guess my point like that. But like with the work you're doing in the pillars, I think it's great that's a good thing to start with. I always know as much as we would love to start with that or have that only. This is what we're gonna be really using with our partners to try to get that. And so then this helps us decide. I should do the escalator now we say like, yeah, OK, we can make this agent still be what the product. This is, you know, you bring up a really good point because this is one of the things we face with RK and is that. For us to describe every type of usage and behavior as a mockup would be insane. But having a model that we're able to say this is what it can do and what we will do and this is what it should do, but we're not doing yet and this is what it should not do and protections for that would be brilliant. You can do it as a one pager and you could do it with no work if you have a requirement, doc, by putting in a little. I, I'm so, I, this is, um, just to be respondent, my question was on your design process. I'm curious if you could explain more about the like the deliverable that you're sharing with the team. Like, is it the document is it I I'll I'll share that it's basically my input, so if I'm if I'm designing, uh. I'm going to the uh version. Not quite true. But the exciting thing is, if the mocks work, then everyone gets excited and they want to see the scenario in the mocks, and this is where I'm like, I think it's a storytelling thing ultimately it is, and you're right, but this is basically if you if you if you write, right, this is. who are your characters? Like this is, I also thought you could think of this thing almost as a persona for an agent or a PRD or a case card if you're in engineering, like it's, it's, they're all like distilled descriptions of the thing you're going to create, and then you go and flesh it out and using other methods. So I have all these different flows around like, you know, I have to entry I I have to enter the flow, I have to select the project, but when it gets down to target selection and actual recommendation, right, this is where it plays out. I'm like, OK, how am I going to design this flow? Like, what do I put and what is the sequence for recommending? Like what does it have access to? How am I going to communicate to these or what it's doing? And what is it doing, you know, so I want to let them know. I don't want to just be the spinning ball that says recommendation coming, but like, OK, we know, I know I'm reviewing past experiments. I'm reviewing the knowledge base, I'm reviewing scientific literature, and then that sets sets an expectation for at the end of the experiment, you know, like, OK, how can I explore the reasoning or not, that sets the stage for what information will I put on the screen and how will I present it. So this is driven by the contents of that doc that shared checking boxes, right? So what boxes do I have available? So I would love to be able to put everything I had on that list, and I have versions of that, but for the delivery, this is what we all now agreed is feasible and will it work is what prototype allows me to evaluate. So for me to answer your question a little bit more crispy, it's my input to help me. Design what the contents of the experience will be. I love that you said a persona of the agent, and now we're giving parameters of what a persona for an agent is versus a user as a as a persona because we're so used to traditional uses of these are the things that we want as goal as opposed to the persona of an agent is this is what it does in order to meet that goal, right? Well, if you think about the structure of a persona artifacts, right, you've got attributes about the person. It's a person with an age and a name and maybe a family depending on what's relevant to your Your project or your work. For an agent, it's, there are 3 categories of attributes we need to discuss how proactive is it, how adaptive is it, how trustworthy is it, and in what ways does it manifest those attributes. So that's the persona, you know, section. For an agent, I could almost cry. This is just so like you just blew my brain apart. This is phenomenal. This is so phenomenal because I have never been able to like I think what Chase was, was struggling with was not how to build an agent and like show what it does. It's like how do you describe And replicate that as a model over and over again as an agent. Well, you know, it's funny and you've been in all of these conversations. My tendency is to build a process for all of us to use, but in this case, I had to solve the problem. I had to deliver and when you're on the hook to actually deliver the thing that's going to be built and given to customers, you can't gloss over anything. Yeah, so yeah, it's cooking. I eat my own cooking. I used the robot. I used to partner. Can you explain a little bit about the process to coming up with the framework. Um, I mean, I've been reading like a madman for for a long time. I don't know what books you guys have read, but one of my favorites is designing agentic Experiences. Nossel, yeah, I mean, I knew Lou, hung out with all of them. I worked with Chris closely at IBM and Cooper before we both went to IBM, so I Been like vibing with him for a long time, um, and I mean all the way back to like the singularities here. So a lot of Chris's work went into it, and there's another guy named Josh Clark, um, who's creating a really interesting framework, um, I sentient sentient design he's calling it. Um, it's a little bit, quite a bit more complex than than this, but it's, it covers a broader scope than what I'm focused on. Um, and I did use, you know, a lot, um, because I'm not an idiot, right, and that's why like I come to how would I use it, for example, right, I came up with my first pass at these things just from thinking about it, and I set up my my agent a project with a description like use some of these sources, and I would frequently say like how does this align with literature that's out there. And when it would give me, give me some other options that I haven't considered, and I say take this whole set and create a bibliography for me of sources that align with this. So like that's how I'm, that's how I'm using it. I'm not saying like create this for me, but it's really in this what drove how I've been using AI over the past couple of months or a few months is a book called Cointelligence, which is really good, um, and it just opened. My eyes to a bunch of different ways to use agents to help me be creative and to critique me in different ways and to contribute things, yeah, and to contribute different things to my thought process and for me to go down the rabbit holes, I like to go down like, oh, I want whatever word choices or semantics or like the history or the philosophy of something, I could go for like an hour down a rabbit hole. Um, on some concept that I just want to make sure, you know, I've got right, are these two things the same thing or one thing, and I can have like a discussion, you know, about that. I don't have a person who's up with me and anyone who wants to have those discussions. So that I don't know if that answers the question. There's I could go on and on and on about how about the process, but and the other thing, yeah, well, I have partners too, so I've found a partner in the PE that I've been working with Reva who is all about this too because perspective, he's seeing that we don't yet have an engineering approach that considers how to construct agents scalably and repeatably. So this addresses that too. It's particularly like that's what drove me to come up with the memory and the tools use sections. And there's another one, the tools use one was actually his contribution, but the memory one in particular. It was like I was having a whole conversation to prepare for a presentation to Rava of this, and I used the AI to say help me prepare for this conversation. Like these are the things I want to get out of the meeting with him, um, and just through another multi-hour conversation, I got to like, well, memory behavior is something really important to engineers, and it seems really relevant to how an agent behaves and learns over time. And that's how one of the ways that I got to that being in the set of primitives. How you build that database where the agent can cipher. Like that's really how do you, you know, and how it kind of learn on its own to represent what you and I. What I hoped to achieve is at least a shared starting place that we can all agree on to allow each of the disciplines to go down their rabbit holes from that. That's what we're working backwards from. Like it knows your behavior over time as a scientist, the way you like to learn about experiments, right, um, or whatever, pick your use case, right, it knows as a lawyer how you what you tend to focus on in. Reviewing contracts and what you tend to miss based on, you know, iterations and feedback from your team. Um, so like, OK, if that's the goal, what do we need to have access to what's that? Who else has the next one up OK so I could go on and on and on. Uh, I'm excited to see some of the control stuff because I, I was wondering when I was looking at your framework, I was like, OK, if we're thinking about administrators who are in an enterprise context, like what would they need to trust an agent? What controls do they need? like what do you know about something you can ask what do you know about being able to control that sick that's that's it, but like. I want you to have access to. What do I want to exclude from, you know, in our example, like if you have access to all of my previous experiments in making recommendations for how I can experiment, I want to see what you're looking at because no, those, I was just messing around or those before I figured something else I like scrap those, focus on these. These are my favorites like there are interactions that we might want to have or, you know, even. Any of the attributes like things that we might want to expose to the user, particularly where we are in the adoption and hype cycle, we're, I'm very focused on building trust. Um, so not just in how the agent behaves, but in how we set up the agent's position in your experience, introduce them to you, like, you know, when I, when I shared these designs, um, one of the things I tried to get through to the team was that I don't just want to show reasoning for what the agent does. I want to show reasoning for everything. If we're making a default, just a hard-coded default on a scientific experiment configuration, what's the reasoning behind that? Because it's not just trusting the agent, because I don't want the agent to be like a character that's like, it could be, right? I want it to be baked into the experience. So I don't want the end user to necessarily even know that there are 1 or 3 or 20 agents or even have to interact with one. It's just part of the experience. But we know behind the scenes that there's a team of people, you know, doing stuff, and they behave in certain ways that work together or work to achieve a certain type of experience for music. That's a question. Can you over prompt and where, how are you thinking about the strategy of what is like a heavy like preference to your prompts and where you need more like programmatic. I don't think I'm thinking about that. I haven't thought about that, because in this example, like I don't know if you're talking about me as the user or I don't, I don't want our users to ever have to think about problems like that's not their job. But a lot of times like if I'm wrong, but um. The the prompt is actually like has this huge preface and you don't see it and then you're just getting, you're actually just filling in and my question is if, and again this is where engineers can probably way better than I can, but one way to um Define the behavior of an agent is through that problem. That's like a bare bones way. Like if we're in a chat window like Chachi Pit or Gemini or whatever, that is, that is your mechanism to define the behavior of the agent. But when We're building the thing as an embedded service or a module within our system, there will probably be other ways, right, in terms of like um I don't know, uh, proactivity level. It's just what do we enable it or not enable it to do APIs do we give it to or not. So it's not a prompts that's exactly it. So I was just wondering like, but I do, but the way this relates to that is that this is what we're working backwards to come up with options or strategies to do that. So if we say, oh, we want this agent to be highly proactive. We trust it or whatever, it's in a situation where, you know, it's beneficial to the user that it just does stuff for them. OK, now engineering can say, OK, how should we do that? Do I want to build a do I create a bedrock agent and build that into the prompt, or do I want to hard code access to APIs like that's for them to drill down from that behavioral description of how it works. Another like that has to do with transparency and trust. So what do we expose to them, right? And what do we want to give them control on how to tweak? And if we say, oh, we want to expose it all to them, we want them to be able to control it highly. And we don't want them to be prompt engineers, and that lends to a more, you know, knob and dial type of, you know, what did you mean by I guess, but I'm curious what you mean. Well, I have two things about overprompting. One is latency or like is there like some, you know, can you, can you do too much as long as the information is relative, I presume no because the Body of information you're fishing is unlimited essentially massive, but I'm just curious um what the thesis is around like around that and could you be doing yourself a disservice by sending too much information into. be overconstraining like overstraining, yeah, OK, that's what I thought you meant. I was just curious. Yeah, yeah, it could be or it could be a system it could be latency or like a system issue like it just can't figure that much out and or it's gonna send you in a direction for some reason. I mean, like to me like this is all a little bit orthogonal to the main point of this, but it's a perfect example of like throughout the day I heard 10 things like this. Like what you said and you said something and like everybody said something. I'm like, oh, this is how I would use, you know, and like if that's the type of question, I would say, OK, well, if we're going to solve that problem of how are we going to engineer the system to behave in the way that we want it to. That's the way we want it to be again and that's really nailing that I think we want the users to actually have control over what we are letting the agents have, right? Like what are the agents allowed to learn from my system? Yes, that is actually the corner. is a combination of context and memory, right, and we and that's, I mean, I'm just thinking of different ways to use this now, but one way is how might we get feedback on the behavior profile that we propose before building anything? Like is it a we can have, like, you know, how can we simulate that? Uh, Bo actually has an agent simulator that he actually I just had this idea at this moment, um, if we could feed this into his agent simulator and then do some interactions and then tweak some of the, uh, you know, the, the scales or the archetypes semi key in terms of trust, especially with areas where you have to limited information. Yeah, I know what the boundaries are. It's almost like behavioral patterns within children you design the behavioral pattern. Well, that's your job as a parent. Yeah, I don't have the right tools. I mean the concept of AI is basically a, or this is almost like engineering the child, yeah, that's even, yeah, no, I'm just thinking about the applications to build that level of trust because obviously, you know. I'm just thinking Wicker alone, you know, it's going to have to hit that. It's going to have to hit AI. It's going to be, it's going to be there, but there's going to be limitations or how do we can build that trust, you know it's actually this so now Larry, you have a better idea of this. I would be, I'm really interested to see that when we've got an existing agentic behavior in our. Products now to whatever degree. Can we reverse engineer the profile, the behavioral profile of the agent as implemented just to see, is this what we want? Is this what we want, what might we want to change? And then how would that type of a lens and what we want to change impact what we would design differently?summarize this transcript: "how agentic experiences actually appliesfor being able to figure out how to build an agent, because that's always been.I've been using the design mindset this entire time of well, you just need to like, incorporate where it goes with the things you want as an outcome done. But he's been thinking about it from at a much, much deeper level.And this is the screen that blew me away. I know it seems kind of silly. But let me explain to you what's going on here.One of the things that we aremissing when we think about agentic experiences is specifically.how do we create the guardrails to assure its safety?How do we create the model of what it's used for?And how do we assure that we're giving it the right uses for what you need as your experienceandwhat he came to the conclusion of? He didn't even mean to. He just happened to say it while he was describing it.that it's a persona.So when you think about a user persona, it's based onuser goals and generalities. To describe the scenario for that user and generic and and generalities. To describe the contextright well with an agent, you can be specific because you can define it.and therefore different than any other persona, I cannot say this is just a matter of generalities. This is specifically what I want, as what it will do, how it'll do it, what it won't do, what is the voice of it, and how verbose.how how, what it, what it has is knowledge, what it can remember, etc.Does that make sense? So I can create a new persona specifically for my agent.you with me so far, so these are the criteria that he had come up withfor what we need in a persona.This is the criteria for an agent persona, and the criteria issimilar to how you would define a regular persona. But this one you have. You can define the specificsbecause you have full control. I think there's a couple here that are missing. But that's okay. We at least we understandthe the basics. So the 1st one being purpose and value proposition.So all of you have built an application in somehow, shape or form. You've got some kind of agentic experience based in it.What you want to do is essentially define the value proposition of what the agent is there to do specifically for your application?So is it to synthesize? Is it to identify? Is it to grab from multiple places? Is it to solve for certain problems by putting pieces together?The purpose?Okay, does that make sense?Oh, any. Are you guys seeing the screen?You seeing the screen.Okay? Good.All right. So the role archetypes.So the so what the role archetype means is, what kind of personality does this have? Is it verbose?Is it friendly? Is it business oriented?Is it snappy? Is itlike, I think I told you about howmy daughter uses it to do as a math tutor, and she has set it up. So I I set it up for her. So it is a jolly Santa Claus to give her hermath.To help her with her mathso that way. She doesn't get angry with Santa when she's learning about Pythagorean theorem.That would be part of like what you would describe as the role archetype, because you need to describe itslike, whether or not it needs high level of definition.for like is it something that needs to like validate like, for example, I say, banana, does it say.will it then start defining what a banana is? Or does it ask more questions? Did you mean that you wanted to find out what a banana is? Do you want to learn how to unpeel a banana is is it because you want me to show you banana, crumb, cake recipes, whatever like those like, how it is inquisitive.how it then responds.That's the role archetype make sense.So that's 1 of the things you have to define.It's personality. And how that personality is defined.Initiative level.So initiative level is how it prompts.so what it can do from the extreme.The lowest extremeis that it waits for you to give it commands, and then it gives you specifically what you asked for.The next level would be, it gives you, based on commands or requests. But then it has an assumption of what you're after.So, for example, I can re tell it to review a word, Doc. I write.and I can ask it to give me feedbackso it can. The initiative level can say, there's these 4 grammatical issues.And this is what it should say. Instead.that's initiative level, like a low initiative level. The other one can say, this is what I see as a summary.and then the grammatical issues, the thea higher level would be that it then says, this is what you should say instead, or this is what you missed.So that's based on prompt.The other level of initiative is that it makes assumptions for you.so I can say, reorganize my calendar, and it doesn't prompt me for what each one of those things to accept. It will simply do it.And then the highest level of initiative is that it is predicting what I need and will automatically get ready for me, based on my behavioral patterns, and will automatically say, I see that you normallydon't show up for your calls on Mondays. So how about we move it to Friday? I will send a notification.make sense.So that initiative level is part of what we need to define.The next one is capabilities. What is it that it can actually control.So I just gave up the example of a prompt, also calendar access and then modifying calendar.It can do visualizations, or it can't do visualizations. It can provide voice, or it doesn't provide voice. It also can do things like whether or not it can be able to thentake from outside of its its model to learn things like, can it just like grab from Wikipedia? Can it grab from the news? Can it make assumptions based on what it's hearing out in likeTwitter.So the label, the the capabilities are what we've been focusing on in the class without having the context of how to use the capabilities. So some of you, I said, like.give it recommendations, and just stick that on the top, or ask it to be able to then organize certain things or synthesize things.But we can actually like confine.what is that walled garden of functionality that you want your agent to actually doso, everybody follow me. So far, I'm just so excited because when this guy is like made everything all of a sudden make sense to me.We good so far. Okay, the next one next one is interaction context.SoI can do things like, for example, in, if I wanted to with agentic AI is, I can have it. Scan a room and say, tell me if I can fit a TV in the roomthat would be using the interaction context of camera and then voice.The other is that I have a voice assistant that's listening all the time.Then there's like Alexa, or the echo that will listen based on prompts.Then there's interaction context of having it very, very narrow for certain things. So I can say, only be able to create images.That's what the heck is the name of it now, but you can crayonso I can give it what I want as the interaction context of how it then gives me feedback. I can circle things if I wanted to. I can point at things if I wanted to, and they can figure out based on thatworking based on what it is. I'm viewingon my screen and then make decisions from that.You follow me so far.Okay.one of the other interactions that we that you see like in Photoshop. That they do is like, I can say.I can circle this area and say, get rid of the phone line and the people in the background.That would be an example of one of the interaction models is that I can actually ray trace what I wantit to do.Then there's memory behavior.This is one we talked a little bit about before, and the memory behavior one is based on what is it storing?So I can have it store and then be in the cloud. So all the things that you're doing, all the things you're doing are then synthesized for its knowledge base.Then there's what a knowledge base. But whatever you're doing is only available to you or you and the your team members that you're working on a project, forthen there's no memory whatsoever.So that is a level of security that you're then providing for. How information then, is being synthesized. So one of the things that I hadjust read about was that there was a data leakbecause somebody had done some screen captures and then was asking questions on things. And all of a sudden it started to givepassword information from somebody who used the same screen and was asking for suggestions on passwords.And then, because the screen showed a username in it, it also suggested a usernamebecause it didn't know any better.But it was based on memory.So it was just simplytaking what it knew, giving back what it thought was what you needed to know.Does that make sense for? What would you be using memory for? I can either have it be very, very, very specific to just the safety of me and it learning about me, or every session is a new session.Tools used. So I'm trying to remember what this one wasI can't remember. I think this would had to do with the idea ofwhat do you use in conjunction with it?So I can have then non smart things that are informed by it or the other way around.I'm informing the non smart things what to do. Like the calendar, for example, make sense.everybody with me so far any questions so far.Okay, explainability and transparency. SoI can go. This is again a kind of a criterium that I can follow through on. I can have it just automatically promptwith the response. Or I can say, based on Xyz information and a link to those things.And so that way I can. I can give it reference for how it made those decisions.That's the Earn Trust stuff is thatthere's not. We have a lot less hallucination than we did say a year ago, or even 6 months ago, we still do.and therefore, having references, for where it got its information becomes really important, especially now, when the references are generally going to have an inclusion of other things that were generated by AI,so it's creating content that it's then referencing as legitimate content.So, having the ability to model, it becomes really, really, really important boundaries and constraints.So this is what you want to make sure that you're protecting it from.So, for example, first, st I think I mentioned this last week about Mark Zuckerberg with the chat bot.do I mention this so last freaking week.Apparently they decided Mark Zuckerberg and Facebookhad decided that it was super important to include the ability to befriend peopleas what Facebook then offers as a service, and it will create friendsthat you can then talk to.and then it creates these synthetic people to then be your friend, which is insane.I'm sure there are very narrow use cases where that has high value.But what that essentially does is it's literally against their actual value proposition that they'vethat, they said, which is create meaningful connections with other, withfriends and family. That was the whole idea of Facebook.Well, now, it's replacing that with a robot to be your friend, and on top of that.as a constraint that it's not considering is illicit content.and on top of that it's willing to do illicit content without gatekeeping it based on age.So that's like saying, Fuck society, let it burn. I'm going to make money off of you.So that's 1 way you can go on. The extreme is just say there are no guardrails, there are no constraints.It's all good.2. I can only use it for very specific uses.Now, hopefully, you all are thinking about now that I've got your brains thinking how those agents become usesfor your purposes, and you want to make sure you're giving those constraints that should follow quite a bit with your value proposition.Does that make senserisks and open questions. So this becomes something that isn't you that makes a lot of sense in this new world. So you remember when I was sharing with youthe when I was talking about Aimllike and generative AI, and I gave you the a series of of headlines of things that went wrong.This is where you want to write down what you see as those risks.So that way it allows you to be able to think about further additional boundaries and constraints that you can introduce additional capabilities, reduction of or addition of memory, behavior, etcetera.And it's important to do that because you have to consider that everything it'son like everything it's doing in chat. Gpt, right now. It's remembering how you talk.what you asked it, what you spent time on, what you didn't spend time on.and it's now creating a profile of you that it is then leveragingeither for you or against you. Who knows? Because they still haven't figured out how they plan on making money off of you just yet.So, having an understanding of what are those things we still need to be able to trap as an answer to becomes important.Then there's success metrics. This goes back to everything you already should be thinking about. Whenever you think about your products? What is a successful experience? What would be the criteria for that? How? What are you trying to do for when when it's using the agentic experience. What should it be? Having as an outcomewhich ties to your value proposition? Butwhen do you know that you've reached that successful action?Does that all make sense?So I'm going to rewrite your your assignment for this week to now include a write-up ofthis criteria for your agent, persona.I'm super excited because I left you kind of hangingin the in my lecture about Agentic AI.And this encapsulates what it means as an agent.and how it operates with what you want somebody to do and not do.Does that make sense any questions at all?Yes.So you're the agent. Experience is going to be video voice text manual actions.But it's for it to do things that are not part of the agent as an outcome.And so defining with some of those things. It will do like synthesize news articles. That means news articles are the tools it's taking. I'm taking from these sources and these sources only.That would be an example of the tools that would be using.If it's based on behaviors, then the more we're defining that got Ashley trying to join?Does that help answer your question?Yes.the brought purpose, sorry purpose, value, proposition, and archetype.So purpose and and value proposition is.what are you trying to do asthe value add, of an agent in your experience?Why are you doing it so? In your case? The value proposition is, I am comfortable and happywith what I'm walking out wary.That's the value proposition of what it's there for.Does that make sense so in the role archetype is.How is it doing that as an experience? Is it an avatar?That's really friendly and helpful? Is it sophisticated?Is it talking down to you, if you're like in being smarmy.those kinds of things like, think of it as like if it were a person, what kind of person would it be?I'm the same way, like, like, literally, this was an hour, 2 h ago that this all came thrown at me.Yes, it's probably just a specific task for you.I don't know if this fits well in that idea, or it doesn't fit well in that idea, because those agents would probably just pick up on your persona a little bit. So here's the thing is thatthis is what you interact with. There may be multiple agents in the background to do specific tasks.but those are invisible to you.and so I may have as tools used 5 or 6 other agents, but only one modelfor how I am relating to it as an 8, as the agentic experience.so the persona can have multiple agents that are feeding it. The information for how it then comes up with outcomes.So within creating an image feature would fall under 3 different things.That that would bebecause that's a separate way to like, go through it to generate an image for the problem that you give. So wouldn't that fit into like the capabilities initiated? Yes, that'll be capabilities.And then it may be affecting what your interaction context is, does that make sense?It is it's crazy. Cool.purpose or job. So I guess my question is like, Why do you want to limit and specify its ability like compared with just like having a magic lamp. I can almost answer that question because I get the point that there are knowledge or things you want to restrain, especially towards a certain group of people like younger kids. You don't want them to be exposed to things.but other than that like why, like restraintest ability, but they could actually do well.well, that's up to you to define, but having it just be a general purpose.Bought is not then giving you specific purpose of your application.So I remember when the team working on the events for creating groups for Uw studentslike, why would that I think I remember asking you something along the lines of full.Why would that not include going to like a Seahawks game?Well, unless it's specific to an outing with other students. It doesn't belong there.And so it being a Uw. Experience means I can't just let it be anything.This is my personal husky.So what does that mean?What will it do in order toemulate a person? My personal husky?Does that make sense?So it's not that you are trying to limit it, you're trying to focus it.And that way it allows you to think through the outcomes that are within your application, that it's forit also makes sure that you are eliminating.The meandering of what it's not.It's going toWhat's the right word? So it would randomize your user.Otherwise.I'm sorry. I say that again.specified information that they extract right? Exactly.Exactly.So. Yeah, you are defining what it should be using forwhat it's what its model will then represent. Like. If it's highly personable personal, then memory of yourpurchase behavior on clothes for the for the fashion teammight be, what the way that it is then informing the system without me having to take a picture of every single thing I I then took bought.Because the other thing is is that in the fashion team example.just because I, what I have in my wardrobe doesn't mean that that'sthe limitation of my fashion sense, it might be because the things I like are that I know about are outside of my of my affordability.But if it knew what you liked. That's not within your affordability.even if you didn't buy it, and it's not in your wardrobe.Well, then, it could then give you ideas for what would be affordable.And so the only way you can do that is by defining what is the interaction context.what is the memory and what are the success metrics attached to itthat would then allow you to be able to figure out. What is this scope?Yes, it shouldn't for language behavior. We need to store in every person'sinput or things like that that have been given. But in terms of just doing the right thing, should we still ask them for, like a consent on, like what they'd like?Or should we just assume that they should be okay with us, saving everything that they do.You mean you're you're giving them the control of what it remembersfor me. That's how you build trustis that you say this is what I will do for you. Are you okay with that?Or at the end of the session? Do you want me to forget all this like this stuff.or tell it, you can control what it does. Remember, it's up to you how you want to do that.But now, at least, you've got that in your brain of what it should be that the way you should be thinking about the problem.any other questionsthat we'll create for next week? Should we like, have pointers on each and every. Yes.yeah. And it can just be like a checklist of what it will do, what it won't do, whateverany other questions does this get? I'm hoping, thinking it from this perspective is allowing you to likedeeper. Think about your experiences.What do you want it to actually do without having to createa mock up for every single thing it can do.Does that helpanything else? I can help?Explain?Okay, thanks for putting through with thatOkay, I guess now we can move back to your assignment.You had your you're moving. You're gonna be hopefully at a clear pointof understanding your wireframes and your experience.Tell me what you learned? Tell me if that what was theEpiphanies? If any that came from your wireframing process?Or was it just frustrating and just pedantic kicking out mockups.We're just a team of 2 people. So we decided to work. Yeah.quite new wire framing. We also realized that we were thinking of things a bit differently. And like, you know, where do you combine?Back on the same like we have, like you have a few things coming up on the same trackto like whatever we have.because I think somewhere we got enough lost in the idea of like what it can do and what it can mean. So I think it just helped usunderstand? Get a better, more tangible perspective on what it could be.Yeah, it's a really. SoI'm curious. This is the thing that I that I have found with the wire framing stage is thatthere is a whole bunch ofwhat was not in my storyboard or my paper prototypes that I had not considered, andit becomes a question that one way door versus 2 way door decision do I revisit.And I'm curious if anybody, because it sounds like it made you rethink, maybe not revisit.did rethink. I think it was during the information architecture, and we were creating that wireflake before we started. Wireframing is when we had to rethink like the structure, go back to like our user journeys. And also the storyboard that we created.And just see that. Oh, we like, you know. Maybe instead of this, we could put in this, or we could like see it a different way. Yeah.just to kind of wish you an idea of how it would look.So I'm curious if anybody else came across the same kind ofprocess changes that they thought about.It's you use the by the way, that was the right purpose for a wireframe.Did anybody have any scope creep based on wireframing.Did anybody face any one-way versus two-way door decisions?No, it was just executing.I'm hoping that wasn't the case.Otherwise your wireframes were not challenging youif all you were doing was making a higher fidelity version of your paper prototypes.Then you are not using a wireframe for its purpose.Yes.they couldn't understand what we're trying to do. If we don't like. Explain what this is, I find that because as a designer, we know, like for you what this is for. But then, when we are giving it to someone that has no idea what the app is.our communication is like horrible like. They didn't know why they're doing it.So this is the thing is that this goes to. I think I've mentioned to some of you already about day 0 versus day 30.There's a big difference in what you are bringing a user into and how you get themto come back for more. A. But also, the complexity should be changing.B, and so, you're looking at it. That's the right way to look at it, becauseto get someone engaged is a lot different than continuing engagement.because what you don't want is a set it and forget it. It's now done, and I will not have a need to come back to it.I better have a reason for me to stay engaged.and I don't mean by introducing an illicit chat bot, so that way anybody will start havingsexts sex texts with you. That's no, it's like it should be.What can I gain further fromthe information I'm gaining from that user and the content I can provide based on it.So as long as you're thinking about it from that perspective.then that day 30 should be a little bit clearer.I can't believe Mark Zuckerberg is doing that. It's just it's disgusting.Design. Provide for graphics or just social like things like that.So in those things when you're creating like when you're working on Photoshop, like all those apps, you don't usually think about the users and how they'd be experiencing like that, graphic like the packaging, or like any of those things. I think the 1st time while wireframing, while I was just really building the wireframes.Exactly. It allows you to be able to no longer be the creator for someone else. Now, said you, you're forced to be the userexactlylike you said, like we have like our growth tracks, and we have, like all the things that you said could not be too easy for someone to understand. So when I was designing it. I think it's easy for me to understand, but I would think about it from a user's perspective. So then I ended up adding, like, you know, information pop up, that just comes up that this part is for you to like, you know. Get into this, get into.understand it a certain way.You, the way you're describing is very eloquent, and I would say that for all of you to be thinking about like, how do I makelike a lot of people. They come to me when they are at the day. 0 version is.I will just create a demo.or I'll have an intro set of screens, andthat's a cop out, because everybody X's out of them and skips them.And so, from the perspective of removing yourself as the Creator.And instead, as the user of what you're creating allows you able to like, have that type of event. I always think about the 1st timeI went from using a command line promptto as my computing experience to the 1st time I usedthe windows experience. Now, mind you, you've never seen a command line prompt, but all of a sudden I had to re like all of a sudden, everything was a challenge.Why are there windows? What do these icons mean?When do I use this menu? Why is the menu changing? What is the system thing for?How does that affect what I'm doinglike, where do I get my documents like all these things that we just take for granted, like having those fresh eyes becomes really important. Because whatever you guys are building. It's brand new to the world.and no one's going to have that context.Good.Oh, oh, the detergent!Yeah.Now reduce the detergent.That's adorable. So that really so it's funny that you say that because it made me think of one of my my old boss before my new boss.He was telling me that hisdaughter no son his son, learned on his car, and he has an audi.and once he got his licensehe got. He gave his his son for his 16th birthday keys to his new car, and he's like.what do I do with this? He didn't understand. Like he's just like.what? What what do I do? And he got? He's like, no, you go in the car. See? When the car he'slike you didn't know what to do with it, because the other one it was, you know, a start button, and as long as you had the fob on you you were good to go, and so we literally did not know, because it wasn't like it's a door like for your house. So what do you do when?And the idea of cranking it like the whole idea of turning it didn't like thatwas a lost art. So like making sure you have those fresh eyes is really really important.Any other insightsso like between my oh, in brief, when they did in the afternoon.So I really think our application is for people with so farso like. He suggests us to use more instructionfor the people with steps to be like short term.So here's the thing.What you should take away from that feedback is not what to do.But why are they giving you that feedback?This goes back to the if you ever asked Henry Ford.Like if Henry Ford was asking somebody before the model T.What do you want?They would say, a horse that poops less, sothem saying they want instructions is actually them, saying.I don't have a mental model of what it can do.Make it easier, so I can understand it.And so I'm hoping you can think about this behavioral primitives that it can send. It can connect the dots for youwith less stepsby giving it the input less inputs or more con or less controls for it to get you to outputs faster.So that's what you should walk away with.But if you're reliant on somebody reading or watching a video in order for them to know what to do with your application, you automatically failed your experience.So take away from that that this is really really good feedbackthey're saying essentially, I don't know what I can naturally do with it. And then, when I understand what I can do with it. I don't know why it's so hard.so take that away as the simplify, simplify, simplify.and that is the way you want to be able to react to that.Steve Jobs was the same way he would never, he used to never, ever share his concepts likeif he shared an ipod with somebody who only listened to music with a CD. Player.They wouldn't.They wouldn't sayhow it's they would if you have the ipod. Then all of a sudden you understand it.But if all you have is the CD player.all they're going to think about is I want to skip less.Maybe, could it be smaller?I wanted to be able to carry more Cds. In other words, they would be telling you the right things of what an ipod is solving.But you don't want to listen to that as your instructions of what to do.Does that make sense?Hmm.First, st and then they are like.So like you have some questions and really doing oh, really.tell me more. This is kind of cool. I wouldn't have expected thata lot of stuff, such as community profile store, and also the AI outfit.And they think like the content is so like, so big, so much. And this like they can do a lot in our application. But this also makes, like many children more.You understand what our administration and also like for some oh, for melike we. We come up with a new idea about taking the picture, and then, like the AI, to understand what kind of like give you the new office, and they will also give you the suggestion, not only like, where have you where this office they will also like if you schedule like, if you want to take thepicture, what kind of gesture you can take, and know what kind of place is a good place for you to take picture with this outfit. Oh, give guidance.Yeah, you can call it you have.But like they, most of our interviewers said we should put this in part in our community.Oh, nice.So I'm like that. Okay, so the example, just in case you couldn't hear it on online was.you were getting feedback. That wassomething you could actually action on that, then all of a sudden.is identifiable with how it would actually solve a problem. So having, it's the content being synthesized into your community area is a good example of like, oh, well, that introduces all kinds of other functionality doesn't mean you're going to do it one to one, but it certainly allows you to be able to then seewhat other features, or what other ways it is combining things to make it easier for people to then develop and be more engaged as a, as a, as a user of your product.So and and I like the guidance one as well, because it'sit would. That is not going to like guidance of it. Telling youdo this instead. That kind of guidance is is responsivetype of guidance. And that's that's very valuable for a user.the agent on everything. And we put the above. Our our website is a very small place, but, like most of our interviewers, that, like they want, is trying to beeither or so like all, almost all of them, that they love using.That's great. So what you're hearing is is that they're seeing the value of how the agentic experience can have value. And they want that to be a core factor versus a tertiary or secondary action.So this goes back to looking at this behavioral primitives of what would that do to your existing experienceslike it, always listening and always watching while you have the app open, might be of high value to eliminate having to text at allor not, I don't know but that the more it is able to be interactivewithin that realm. And as long as you're definingsome of the memory behavior things and the boundaries and constraints.Then all of a sudden, you can make that centralizing. That part of the experience for how it's be being able to provide feedback backallows you to to move away from a chat focused experience.So take that, and that's a good example of liketaking what you hear and likepushing yourself as far as it can. The constraints of what your experience can be will let you go.because the higher you're pushing those constraints, then the more dynamic of an experience you have.It's it's risk taking. But it's and we're late in the project to take those risks.But it sounds like you're you're hearinghow the investment in that thought process could solve for what you're hearing as feedback from users.So it's encouraging. It's great.Anyone else. Yeah, when we created this app, that's see it.Shouldn't it be like instruction as to how to use the app or the tab should explain for itself?Yes, it should always be self-explanatory always.Now, mind you, there are things that you can like we were just describing provide guidance as they occur.But I mean, think about if I had to go to spotifyand know that I 1st have to createfind artists and songs, create playlists, and then she and then, like, if I was just.I'm using a bad example. The mental model before spotify was that I would select music.that I would then add to my libraryand my library would grow based on what I added.and so, and it would only playbased on what that library had available to it.